So, animating pixel art frame by frame
is kind of annoying, especially for
stuff that's [music] subtle, like
breathing, hair moving, clothes reacting
a little. So, I was messing around in
Pixel Lab and tried animate with text.
Instead of drawing anything, I just
described the motion. For this one, I
type something like idle breathing,
gentle sway, hair moving slightly, soft
loop, and it just animates it for you.
Okay, that already works. But then I
wanted to see if it could handle
something heavier. So, for this one,
let's try a jump with a heavy landing.
Wait for it to generate. And boom.
That's sick. Then I tried something
completely different. A slime. just
charging up, stretching upward, and
splashing when it hits. At that point,
you're not really animating. [music]
You're just describing how something
should feel. Once it looks right, you
export the sprite sheet and use it. Make
sure to check it out at [music]
pixelab.ai. A odd.